Validator can assume head output is the first one (#700)
input-output-hk/hydra: CHANGELOG.md

  + Remove snapshot number and utxo hash from Close and Contest reedemer as they
    were already present in Closed datum.
  + Check no tokens are minted/burnt in v-head for close, contest, commit and collectCom tx.

>   + Validator can assume v_head output is the first one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + The v_head output must now be the first output of the transaction so that we can make the validator code simpler
```
